what's up guys Vince Delmonte here I
just wanted to tell you about YouTube's
fastest growing network fullscreen this
is the network that I'm a part of it
helps me grow my channel meet other
talent and I helps me make more money
with little sponsored shoutouts like
these if you're interested click the
link below and apply get yourself
connected with fullscreen now on to the
show
so today we're gonna talk about cheap
bodybuilding meals I'm going to give you
my number one cheap bodybuilding meal
the one that I use to help myself gain
40 pounds of muscle in six months when I
first got into bodybuilding over ten
years ago I went for 149 to 190 and this
was a meal that dr. John Berardi shared
with me this is before he was dr. John
and he was an exercise professor at the
University of Western Ontario that's
where I met him in my third year
exercise science physiology class and
you know I was picking his brain and he
told me about this post-workout meal and
it became my staple and it's very cheap
it's something that anybody out there
can afford so it's a little different
than what I do now but it worked great
at the time and here are the three
things this was my post-workout meal so
I had two bananas I had a whole tub of
cottage cheese 250 milliliters and I had
one cup of vector cereal and for all you
people that know you know your mat girls
you can start thinking about that and
you're like dang that's a pretty good
post-workout meal you're getting some
fast-acting sugars you're getting some
slow-releasing protein and it's all
whole food based and that was my
post-workout meal for for a while so
there's one that you can invest in
another one that's really cheap and
really easy to do again I think this
isn't what I do now but this is what I
used to do way back in the day when I
was bulking I wasn't doing food combined
I actually never even heard of the word
I never knew of the concept YouTube
never existed when I was first starting
out so there wasn't a lot of conflicting
information out there so it's easy for
me to make decisions and I used to just
eat balanced I had carbs proteins and
meals every meal one of my most popular
meals was four slices of toast with
natural peanut butter all over it and
four whole eggs and that was another one
of my staples I'd have that sometimes
for breakfast and have sometimes that
after a workout as you can see a lot of
calories missing greens but that was
another one of my very cheap meals that
I use to help myself bulk up and I'll
give you one more again this one isn't
very
Elfi but it was so easy and I learned it
from my dad when I was a teenager he
also used to always make as this it's
pork and beans I grew up on pork and
beans can you believe that um that's not
what my mom made me my mom made a
beautiful Italian pasta dish I you know
and I got blessed with amazing Italian
food growing up but you know when my mom
wasn't around my dad would make pork and
beans whole you know I was his Mian and
it was like four hot dogs then a whole
thing of beans and then he just like
grabbed a big handful of peanuts and
throw them on the plate and that was
another one of my meals it filled me up
obviously this isn't what I eat now but
it was a great meal back then when you
know I didn't know too much about
nutrition and I wasn't too worried about
nutrition to be honest I just wanted to
gain weight and get calories in my body
and those are three cheap meals that I
relied on way back in the day so I hope
you enjoyed those and I'd like to hear
some of your cheap bodybuilding meals
share them below and let's get a good
conversation started what were some of
the what are some of the meals that you
rely on that don't break the bank
account but help you achieve your goals
let's get a whole ton of them below that
way we can share them we've got some
good recipes to share we can all get
cookin talk to you soon
[Music]